#This archive subfolder is intended to store, for future referrence and/or implementation, and localised naming I cut from BT.

#The absolute last thing I want to do is discourage anyone, especially those kind enough to help with localised naming, so it isn't lightly that I cut stuff. However, for a variety of reasons which I will delve into further below, I'm
#cutting certain files and entries for now.

#As for the reasons for the cut, it was brought to my attention by multiple (upwards several dozen, actually) individuals, mostly seperately, that localised naming was beginning to 'spiral out of control', to use one person's words.
#Localised naming as a flavour tools is amazing. It gives a fun change according to the owner, highlights different historical names for cities, and makes colonial games much more satisfying, but the intention of localised 
#naming was never to be opaque, hypercorrective, random, or inconsistant, and many of the entries were starting to present several problems, including:

#A) Consistancy 1. Often, a single name, or perhaps 3-4 names, were completed in a region of 150 provinces. While major cities are some of the most important for localised naming, this causes some bizarre situations where a 
     #random culture would have no localised naming, no representation, and no flavour, until they came across a single province (often half-way around the world), which suddenly changed into a nearly-unrecognisable name. 
	 #The flavour is great, and I would object significantly less if entire regions were done, but when it is only a single city, it just feels half-baked.
	 
#B) Consistancy 2. Another consistancy factor is temporal consistancy. I know, it'd be awesome to have fully historical names, but 98% of languages around the world changed ALOT between 1291 and the 2000s. Trying to 
     #mix the two is only inviting chaos & some really confusing things. Some things may seem innocuous like Vannes-->Vennes, but it quickly becomes obvious that things like this aren't sustainable when you start encountering
	 #archaicisms like Londin, Paryss, or Dantsic. Like the first consistancy issue, this is lessened if some nutter wants to do an entire continent in historical standards (Though it would all have to be from the same perod), but there
	 #is something quite offputting about having modern right next to weird 14th century vairents. Another point worth mentioning which a lot of people don't realise, is spellings were NOT standardised in most languages until the 
	 #17th-20th centuries. Just because you find a historical text with a different spelling, doesn't mean that is the 'proper' spelling for the era. Sometimes a spelling could be unique to a single author, or even be a simple mispelling.
	 #There are even 100% serious cases of modern-day arguments about 'correct' spellings for certain minority languages, so this is an issue to be aware of.
	 #13th century typos ftw!
	 
#B) Recognisability. As I alluded to before, opacity in naming is never the intention. While some localised naming like Bruges-->Brugge or Marseille-->Marseilles present no issues of recognisibility, and other like 
     #Regensburg-->Ratisbonne are well known historical names in major world languages, some examples like Zena are less immediately obvious. This isn't neccessarily a reason to not do them, but if done, they should be done
	 #consistanly for a medium-large area at least (say... 200 provinces contiguous provinces?), and if at all possible should be done by someone who speaks the language, so as to be able to recognise the issues that invariably 
	 #crop up when trying to do things like this. Ever see a bad-google translate joke? Look them up. They're hilrious. But unfortunately they happen. And I'd kinda rather not have them happen in BT's provinces.
	 
#C) A Certain 'Yuck' Factor. This has proven very hard to explain to all monoglot English speakers, as English is really quite a mutt language (it can be fun & beautiful, but its internal consistancy is shite) with no hard rules, but 
     #in many languages around the world, strict grammer or spelling rules result in certain dialectical forms just feeling 'wrong'. Things like Swerin, Stokholm, or Laghin immediately rubbing most people 'in the know' the wrong way.
	 #This is perhaps the hardest arguement to discuss, as it seems to invariably devolve into strictly modern issues like minority rights, self-determination, and other such touchy topics, and some cases have been well argued as 
	 #valid, so I don't want to make any blanket statements here.... but it is an issue to keep in mind. Generally, if you can't find a native speaker to ask about it (such as the contentious case of Leonese, where it is estimated only a 
	 #couple thousand speakers reamain worldwide), then you're probably better of not doing localised naming based on what are almost certainly very questionable sources ;D.
	 
#Now, this whole rant sounds very critical, and that isn't my intention. I'm merely including this here to share the arguments that eventually won out and succededing in convincing a majority, including me, to remove certain localised 
#naming. That doesn't by any means indicate that localised naming isn't still of huge interest to me/us, though. Here are some examples of what we do want:

#1) Anything for culture GROUPS - Every group, however minor, will have its own localised naming. The more of this we have, the better. Group-based naming is sadly sometimes less specific, and occaisionally ofends because it
     #neccessarily favours a certain dialect/language over others (English vs. Scots, Standard d'oil vs. Occitain, Standard German vs. Bavarian, Polish vs. Czech, etc.), but I would argue, hyperbolic nationalism aside, in all of those cases
	 #well done group-wide names are preferable to some cobbled-together monster of random 1/2 in one 1/2 in the other, and all would be better than the (usually english) defaults.
	 
#2) Historical names for historical cultures/owners - Though I just warned about historical names above, in some cases, such as when a nation of a certain culture owned land in the 15th century it no longer owns, then historical
     #names are absolutely fine, such as Constantinople. Historical names are also great for cultures intentionally representing older cultural standards, such as Norwegian's generally Old West Norse/Nynorsk-based standard, or 
	 #cultures like Anglo-Saxon or Latin.
	 
#3) Major varients with clear standards - Things like Danish vs. Swedish, Polish vs. Czech, Spanish vs. Portuguese, etc. have been seperate political entities for most of our period, have clear, easy-to-find, reliable modern standards,
     #and are generally great candidates for localised naming. We really only want to avoid the obscure, socially-marginalised, spoken-by-30-people-in-2-different-towns, no-spelling-standard, wiki-written-by-a-10-year-old-hyper
	 -nationalist, modern-people-from-the-province-in-question-don't-even-recognise-the-name, sort of things.
	 
#4) Stuff from locals - Most all rules can be broken if a serious (as opposed to a troll) local wants to weigh in and give their thoughts on localised naming in a decent-sized area.
	 
#Really, 95% plus of all the localised naming I've seen is great! So please don't anyone get discouraged. I only share these thoughts to explain the reasoning behind some decisions.